server/README.md, before:

# Mavis AI Bagel Server
This is the server component for the Mavis AI Bagel project.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x
- .env file (contact the project maintainer for this file)

## Setup and Running
Create and activate a virtual environment:
   
   python -m venv .
   source bin/activate
   
Install the required packages:
   
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   
Run the server:
   
   python app.py

## Endpoints

Health Check Endpoint:

Route: '/'
    Method: GET
    Purpose: Provides a simple health check to ensure the Clinical Note Processor is running.

Route: '/summarize'
    Method: POST
    Purpose: Summarizes a clinical note using OpenAI's GPT-4 model. It takes a clinical note as input and returns a concise summary focusing on patient's present situation, past medical history and treatment plan. Currently, this endpoint is not in use, summarization is called directly from the frontend.

Route: '/generate'
    Method: POST
    Purpose: Generates ICD-10 codes and descriptions based on a clinical note summary using a fine-tuned language model. It takes a clinical note summary as input and returns appropriate information.

Route: '/rag'
    Method: POST
    Purpose: Performs a retrieval-augmented generation task using the Bagel API. It takes query text as input, processes it into lines, retrieves relevant documents, and returns filtered results with unique parent codes and distance scores that are over certain thresholds.

Commit message:

Fix: Increase max attempts for /generate, updates to Readme, env example file

server/README.md, after:

# Mavis AI Bagel Server
This is the server component for the Mavis AI Bagel project.
This server has been deployed on RunPod. Recommended configurations:  
GPU: RTX 4000 Ada (20GB VRAM)  
CPU: 9 cores  
RAM: 39GB  
Container template: runpod/pytorch:2.1.0-py3.10-cuda11.8.0-devel-ubuntu22.04  
Depending on your fine-tuned model size, you may need to increase to 2 GPUs.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x
- .env file (contact the project maintainer for this file)

## Setup and Running
Create and activate a virtual environment:
   
   python -m venv .
   source bin/activate
   
Install the required packages:
   
   pip install -r requirements.txt

Download the model:

   python download_model.py
   
Run the server:
   
   python app.py

## Endpoints

Health Check Endpoint:

Route: '/'
    Method: GET
    Purpose: Provides a simple health check to ensure the Clinical Note Processor is running.

Route: '/summarize'
    Method: POST
    Purpose: Summarizes a clinical note using OpenAI's GPT-4 model. It takes a clinical note as input and returns a concise summary focusing on patient's present situation, past medical history and treatment plan. Currently, this endpoint is not in use, summarization is called directly from the frontend.

Route: '/generate'
    Method: POST
    Purpose: Generates ICD-10 codes and descriptions based on a clinical note summary using a fine-tuned language model. It takes a clinical note summary as input and returns appropriate information.

Route: '/rag'
    Method: POST
    Purpose: Performs a retrieval-augmented generation task using the Bagel API. It takes query text as input, processes it into lines, retrieves relevant documents, and returns filtered results with unique parent codes and distance scores that are over certain thresholds.
